# Sunday, February 3rd 2019

### Time and location
At 16:00 CET in the `#diversity-meetings` channel on the [Symfony Slack][slack].

### Agenda
1) Speaker mentoring and donation drive/campaign.
1) Issues raised since SymfonyCon Lisbon:
    * Conference [website][1] and [physical][2] accessibility.
1) Previous issues with comments since SymfonyCon Lisbon:
    * [Pre-planned online meeting 2019][3].
    * [Map of conference available][4].
    * [How to collect more funds][5].
    * [Offer free training for locals][6].
    * [Define groups to support and invite][7].
    * [Make navigation in docs easier][8].
    * [Collect resources related to diversity][9].
1) Propose next round of meeting times.
1) [Teaching Symfony to younger people and/or students][10].

### Action Items
* Speaker Training ([Lukas][11]):
    * Send out a tweet and post in the `#speaker-mentoring` channel on the
    [Symfony Slack][slack], clarifying that anyone is welcome to join the
    training session.
    * The link to the training will be made available to donors and people
    that ask to be included.
    * Add the same information on the [Open Collective][12] page.
    * Inform Jill about the situation to clarify that there is a risk there
    won't be  enough funding and/or attendees, and when the deadline she
    needs to know by.
    * Contact previous donors about the situation?
* Reach out and help network teachers within the Symfony community, ask them
for ideas on how to proceed and how the community can assist with, eg. creating
a curriculum. Ask [Nicolas][13] to create a blogpost to publish on the Symfony
blog ([#69][14]), a `#teaching-resources` channel has been created on the
[Symfony Slack][slack].
* Speak to Javier about conference website accessibility? They've now been
mentioned in the issue by [Lukas][11].
* Speak to Anne-Sophie and Emilie about physical conference accessibility
information ([Zan][15]).
* Everyone to think of ideas for organising this year's SymfonyCon social events,
ready to present next meeting.
* Propose next round of meeting times ([Zan][15]).

### Chat Log
[Chat logs for Sunday, February 3rd 2019][log]

[slack]: https://symfony.com/slack
[log]: https://symfony.github.io/diversity/meetings/2019-02-03-log.html
[1]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/68
[2]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/67
[3]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/53
[4]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/46
[5]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/43
[6]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/42
[7]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/26
[8]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/10
[9]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/8
[10]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/69
[11]: https://github.com/lsmith77
[12]: https://opencollective.com/symfony-diversity-speaker-mentoring
[13]: https://github.com/nicolas-grekas
[14]: https://github.com/symfony/diversity/issues/69
[15]: https://github.com/zanbaldwin
